Welcome to Training Video 7.2
To start, strip approximately 4mm of the cable outer jacket using a blade breaker. Make sure to handle the tools with care.
Next, separate the outer conductors by pulling the insulator off the main line of the coaxial cable. Carefully remove the insulator to avoid damaging the conductors. This step is crucial for maintaining the integrity of the cable.
Hold the outer conductors with tweezers and twist them by rotating the outer jacket with the opposite hand. Your steady hands and attention to detail will ensure a tight, neat twist that will aid in the soldering process.
Apply a thin layer of solder paste and tin the outer and center conductors. Temperature 350C.
[upload #1]
??? (need help)
Cut approximately half the outer conductors closest to the stripped edge of the outer jacket with wire cutters. This precise cut ensures that the remaining conductors can be easily managed and soldered without excess material.
[upload #2]
Strip the outer conductor a blade breaker.
[upload #3]
Cut the lower section of the array with a blade breaker and double edge blade.
Place the subassembly array on an aluminum base plate with double-sided tape. Secure it well to prevent any movement during the next steps.
Do Not the whole unit onto the tape, cause problems when need to take it off later.
[upload #4]
Next is to prep the conductors. First, trim the outer conductor.
next trim the dielectric insulator.
[upload #5]
Great. Solder the outer conductor to the ground pad of the transducer subassembly. Make sure the solder joint is clean and strong. A well-soldered joint ensures durability and reliability.
next, solder the dielectric insulator. Take care not to join wires with the outer conductor when soldering.
[upload #6] Upload final practice work. Your dedication to perfecting these skills is admirable.